Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to reject
any sanctions on Israel's military after
reports that the US plans to cut Aid to
one unit amid ongoing violence in the
occupied West Bank the US has vowed to
respond to apparent human rights
violations against
[Music]
Palestinians 15 children are among the
dead after an Israeli air strike on the
city of Rafa in southern Gaza on Sunday
where more than a million display
Palestinians are Sheltering the health
Ministry in Gaza which is run by Hamas
says more than 30,000 people have died
since the start of the war in October as
fergo Keen now reports while the world
worried worried about a wider war
between Israel and Iran in Gaza the
suffering
[Music]
continued the eyes of the world were on
a bigger
drama played out in the skies above
[Music]
Israel but in Gaza nothing
changed this was Rafa today after 15
children from the Abed al-al family were
killed in an air strike
show me one man among them they're all
children and
women as you can see my identity is
completely erased with the deaths of my
wife and
children a pregnant woman sabrin alakin
was among the dead her baby daughter was
saved in an emergency
operation a child born BN to a mother
she will never
know there is the story of everyday
death and the story of what follows for
the families caught in the shadows of
death noara al- najar's husband Abdul
Rahman was one of more than 70 civilians
killed in an Israeli raid to rescue
hostages in
February these were the couple's
children in the aftermath of their
father's death
[Music]
we went back to see noira now 8 months
pregnant with her dead husband's child
and in grief awaiting the arrival of a
new
life noar's words the elegy of a wife
and mother for all that's been
lost in central Gaza Israeli forces hunt
Hamas they're still launching attacks
from tunnels and
buildings and as the war rages on
sickness and hunger haunt Gaz
these children in central Gaza are
queuing for food to try and feed entire
families many are weak
listless the UN says less than half the
amount of food needed is reaching the
population we have been coming here for
six months and we are completely
dependent on the food charity we come
here to take food to eat and feed the
other
children in the north where the threat
of is most acute amjad kanua ag3 suffers
from kidney disease exacerbated by
malnutrition his six-year-old brother
Ahmed provides comfort for the youngster
[Music]
suad has more than one sick child her
older boy has suspected cancer and in
war ravaged Gaza can't get the proper
treatment such are the days and lives of
Gaza after 6 months of War ferle Kean
BBC News
Jerusalem meanwhile Health and emergency
workers in the second biggest city in
the Gaza Strip say they've uncovered
nearly 200 bodies buried in the
courtyard of a Hospital alas Han nunis
had been at the center of an Israeli
military operation until 2 weeks ago the
World Health Organization has previously
said bodies were buried within hospitals
under Israeli Siege but Palestinians
have accused Israeli forces of killing
some of the victims the Israeli military
said it was checking the reports Israel
accuses Hamas of using medical
facilities as command centers well for
more on this story let's speak to our
Middle East correspondent yoland now y
land first of all what can you tell us
about these reports that the US could
put sanctions on one Israeli Battalion
called netsa
Yehuda yeah so this has not been
officially announced by the us yet but
just the reports alone have got alarm
bells ringing for Israeli leaders and
we've had them coming out saying that
this is not fair in a time of War uh the
Israeli military insisting that this
particular unit a combat unit that's
historically mostly operated in the
occupied West Bank acts in accordance
with international law and you have the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu saying that he would act with
all his strength um to try to stop this
from happening um but really what is
involved as far as we understand is that
um the US would prevent this particular
unit um if plans go ahead um from
receiving from benefiting from US
military assistance which of course
amounts to billions of dollars uh given
every year here to Israel now there is
existing us legislation um that stops uh
foreign military uh units which are
found to have committed human rights
violations from receiving uh US military
aid and there's been a review that's
been carried out and that the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin has
been looking at the results in the past
few days to see how military units in
Israel comply now this particular uh
unit that we know of um it's come up a
lot in the news in the past it's a unit
that is made up mostly of ultra Orthodox
Jewish men and it was originally
designed to bring more religious men
into uh into the army because many of
them are um don't have to because of uh
of there have been exemptions that have
been in the past for um for religious
men serving in the Israeli military so
it is tended as I said to OCC to work in
the occupied West Bank uh one of the big
cases that um was really highlighted a
couple of years ago was when it was
involved in setting up um a military
checkpoint not far from ramala there was
a Palestinian American man close to 80
who was detained he was bound and gagged
and found dead um by people from his
village later um and there was a big
investigation into what exactly had
happened here with the US really pushing
for that because of his uh US
citizenship um in the end the Israeli
military did not find grounds for a
criminal investigation um there were
some officers who were reprimanded um
but there's continued to be pressure
around that case that has has come up um
on in uh in Washington and your land
just briefly looking at the situation in
Gaza and those reports of bodies being
found around the NASA Hospital what is
the reaction to those
developments so I mean really what's
happened in the past few weeks since
Israeli forces pulled out of Khan unun
this big city in the south of the Gaza
Strip um people have been going back
trying to find about 2,000 people who
are thought to be missing mostly under
the rubble um and they have been
searching particularly in the grounds of
the nasal Hospital the main hospital
there um we have heard of about 50 or so
bodies being found in the past day or so
in an open grave there and there have
been some delays in in Excavating the
grounds because of the lack of heavy
machinery and this adds to um further
numbers that have been found there uh
previously um there are now close to 200
bodies that have been found of course
identification is is proving very
difficult and we're hearing from local
people that there were elderly and also
uh children among those who were found
dead as well as uh many young men the
Israeli military said that it acted in a
precise and limited operation when it
went into the Nur hospital um said that
it was acting against Palestinian
government that were using the site um
there were people based there that the
the patients the doctors the display
these people were being used as a human
shield there were efforts to evacuate
people from that site at the time um
we're not clear if these are people if
they're bodies that were covered from
the hospital itself and then buried in
this grave or if they also come from the
surrounding area thank you military as
you said it's it's looking into these
reports thank thank you very much your
land that's the BBC's your land now in
Jerusalem there